dbeaver/pro#5543 change java version in readme (#37874)
dbeaver/dbeaver: README.md

Just run an installer (or unzip an archive) and run `dbeaver`.  

> Note: DBeaver needs Java to run. <a href="https://adoptium.net/" target="_blank">Open JDK 21</a> is included in all DBeaver distributions.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Note: DBeaver needs Java to run. <a href="https://adoptium.net/temurin/releases/?package=jre" target="_blank">OpenJDK 21</a> is included in all DBeaver distributions.
```
